Add small chapter GUI Naming Conventions to Writing Guidelines (#5015)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/documentation_guidelines/writing.rst

Translated images should be placed in a :file:`img/<your_language>/`
folder.  Use the same filename as the english 'original' screenshot.

GUI Naming conventions
======================

Usage
-----

In QGIS manuals we often refer to Graphical User Interface (GUI) elements and widgets.

> Here we indicate which names and synonyms can be use in QGIS manuals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we provide guidelines for the use of names and synonyms in QGIS manuals.
```

> For each preferred name a reference to an example in the manual is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each preferred name, a reference to an example in the manual is included.
```

> Use this list of names to write consistent manuals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this list of names to help us write consistent manuals.
```

GUI elements
------------

===================  ====================  ======================
preferred name       Synonym 1             Synonym 2
===================  ====================  ======================

> QGIS                 application

Reviewer: I suggest we keep this table sorted alphabetically on "preferred name".

title bar
menu                 menu bar           
menu option          menu item
toolbar

> tool                 icon                  toolbar button

Reviewer: Can "icon" be used as a synonym for "tool"?

Author: Yes, it is used a lot like *select the ... icon in the toolbar button ...* instead of *select the ... tool in the toolbar button ...*! The second one feels a bit like too much tool and using icon instead provides an easier read.

Reviewer: I still think "in" sound better in English.
I think we should use "tool", not "icon" (the tool is represented by an icon).

dialog               window
panel                docked panel          docked window
map                  mapview               view
status bar
tab
button
checkbox
combobox             dropdown list
textbox
spinbox
radio button group
radio button
slider
===================  ====================  ======================

> Great references to :guilabel:`titel bar`, :guilabel:`menu bar`, :guilabel:`toolbar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Great references to :guilabel:`title bar`, :guilabel:`menu bar`, :guilabel:`toolbar`
```

> , :guilabel:`panel`, :guilabel:`map view` and :guilabel:`status bar` can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, :guilabel:`panel`, :guilabel:`map` and :guilabel:`status bar` can be found
```

in the chapter :ref:`label_qgismainwindow` .

menu

>   The Menu bar provides access to QGIS functions using standard hierarchical menus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The menu provides access to QGIS functions using standard hierarchical menus.
```

toolbar
  The toolbars provide access using icons to most of the functions
  in the menus, plus additional tools for interacting with the map.

>   See :ref:`label_toolbars` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See :ref:`label_toolbars`.
```

  
tool

>   When you are referring to a tool on a toolbar, you can use it as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you are referring to a tool in a toolbar, you can use it as follows.
```

Author: Sentence is a an example from current documentation. But great stuff. should we refer to a *tool on a toolbar* or to a *tool on a toolbar*. Or would it be select "an icon on a toolbar" and "a tool in a toolbar".

>   #. Select the |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom In` tool on the :guilabel:`Navigation` toolbar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #. Select the |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom In` tool in the :guilabel:`Navigation` toolbar
```

>   #. Select the |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom In` icon on the :guilabel:`Navigation` toolbar     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #. Select the |zoomIn| :sup:`Zoom In` icon in the :guilabel:`Navigation` toolbar     
```

dialog
  A dialog is a window with choices or information to interact with QGIS.  

map
  A map can be a window that shows part of a map.
  Often you are zoomed in on a small part of the digital map.
  A map can also be a printed or exported result.
  
map view

>   A map view shows in a window a view on a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A map view shows a view on a map in a window.
```
